Attn:Dearest one, My name is Madam Nenita Villaran, A complete citizen 
of Philippines, widow to the late former minister of finance in 
Philippine who was a victim of the terrorist attack against the country 
by the Abu sayyaf movement in the southern luxury beach region on the 
11th April 2002 that rendered many people of different nationals dead. 
I inherited a total sum of 8.2 million dollars from my late 
husband,This money which is concealed in a metallic trunk box is 
deposited with a security and finance company AFRICA under a secret 
arrangement as a family treasure. This means that the security company 
does not know the content of this box that was shipped from the 
Philippine to AFRICA  under a diplomatic coverage.

My main purpose of sending you this mail is because of the way I found 
you and perhaps trustworthy to give this priority of shipping this box 
of money to any address that you think is very secure and safe in your 
country with your percentage of which we shall discuss on soon. There 
is need for urgent action because the consignment is accruing charges 
per day as demurrage to the security company for safekeeping couple 
with the resent attempt of coup plot last july that has distracted 
attention of the government and the security delegates on me.

I will forward to you the full contact address of the lawyer who i have 
his contact through my late husband and also the security company 
contact in AFRICA Cote D Ivoire  in my next response. I give thanks 
immensely for the co-operation as I look forward to your urgent 
response. DEAR PLEASE I WANT YOU TO MAIL ME WITH v_nenita190@yahoo.com

Best Regard , Madam Nenita Villaran.




