      ATTN: PRESIDENT (C.E.O) / MANAGER.


MR.PAUL WEMBA
#24 Ellwood Crescent,
Pretoria.
Email:(p_weba@yahoo.co.in )


I am Mr. Paul Wemba, the Chief auditor of African
Development Bank (ADB). There was an account opened in
this bank in 1980 and since 2001 nobody has operated
on this account again. After going through some old
files in the records, I discovered that if I do not
remit this money out urgently, this funds will go down
the drains, into the hands of either the board of
directors of this bank or the funds may eventually be
discovered by the government as a dormant fund in the
forthcoming audit by the Nations auditors. They will
confiscate it or it will be sent into the governments
treasure. The question now is who is the government
and where is the treasury? These are human beings like
you and I.

   The owner of this account is DR.B.DREDO, a
foreigner, and a miner at Kruger gold co., a geologist
by profession and he died in 1999. No other person
knows about this account or any thing concerning it,
the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that his company
does not know anything about this account. The amount
involved is (USD 10.5M) Ten million, Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars. 
    
I am only contacting you, as a foreigner because this
money cannot be approved to a local bank here, but can
only be approved to any foreign account and foreign
beneficiary because the money is in US dollars and the
real owner of the account DR.B.DREDO, is a foreigner
too. 

I only got your contact address from my secretary who
operates computer; with believe in God that you will
never let me down in this business. So please reply
urgently so that I will inform you the next step to
take immediately.

    I need your full co-operation to make this work
fine because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner, who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you later, if
you will be able to handle such amount in strict
confidence and trust according to my instructions and
advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity
will never come again in our life. I need truthful
person in this business because I don't want to make
mistakes and your strong assurance and trust is
needed.

 With my position now in the office I can transfer
this money to any foreigner's reliable account, which
you can provide with assurance that this money will be
intact pending my physical arrival in your country for
sharing and investment. I will destroy all documents
of transaction immediately we receive this money
leaving no trace to any place.

 You can also come to discuss with me face to face
after which, I will make this remittance in your
presence and two of us will fly to your country at
least two days ahead of the money going into the
account. I will also use my position and influence to
effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance forms
of the ministries and foreign exchange departments. 

   At the conclusion of this business, you will be
given 50% of the total amount,50% will be for me which
I would like to invest in your country. 

I look forward to your earliest reply via my personal
Email address (p_weba@yahoo.co.in ).
 
Friendly, 
Mr. Paul Wemba.





________________________________________________________________________
Yahoo! India Matrimony: Find your partner online. http://yahoo.shaadi.com/india-matrimony/

