Dear Friend<BR>&nbsp;<BR>I am Barrister&nbsp; Jack Vanrenos, the personal
Attorney to Mr. Charles Jones a foreigner who used to work with BMW
Rockingham here in England. On the 2nd of August 2003, my client, his wife
and their three children were involved in a car accident along Gatwick
Express Road. All occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives.
Since then I have made several enquiries to your Embassy to locate any of my
clientâ€™s extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful. After
these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over
the Internet, to locate any member of his family but of no avail, hence I
contacted you.<BR>&nbsp;<BR>I have contacted you to assist me in
repatriating the money left behind by my client before they got confiscated
or declared unserviceable by the Finance House where these huge deposits
were lodged. Particularly, the Finance House where the deceased had an
account valued at about US$20.7M has issued me a notice to provide the
next-of-kin or have the account confiscated within the next Forteen official
working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for
over nine (9) months now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of
kin to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$20.7M
can be paid to you and then you and I can share the money 60% to me and 35%
to you, while 5% should be for expenses or tax as your government may
required.<BR>&nbsp;<BR>I have all necessary legal documents that can be used
to back up any claim we may make, all I require is your honest co-operation
to enable us see this transaction through. I guarantee that this will be
executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any
breach of the law.<BR>&nbsp;<BR>Await your prompt response in my private
email address &lt;<A
href="mailto:jkvan@mail.com">jkvan@mail.com</A>&gt;&nbsp; for better
communication.<BR>&nbsp;<BR>Yours Sincerely,<BR>&nbsp;<BR>Jack Vanrenos
Esq.<BR><BR>--<BR>Jack Vanrenos Esq.<BR>jkvan@mail.com<BR><BR><br>
------------------------------------------------------<br>
**This mail was sent by SaigonNet WebMail 1.0<br>
------------------------------------------------------



