Date: 08/01/2007

From: Assistant Director
          International Remittance Department
          ABSA Bank Limited
          South Africa.

Dear Sir,

URGENT BUSINESS DEAL

I would like to start by introducing myself as Mr. Gill Mbabane the 
Assistant Director of the above-mentioned department in the ABSA Bank of 
South Africa. I have been directed to contact you urgently on a very 
important confidential deal, which needs immediate attention. The decision 
to contact you was based on the fact that we trust your capability to 
receive on our behalf a sum of US$8,450,000.00 (Eight Million Four Hundred 
and Fifty Thousand United States Dollars).

This sum in question was a credit balance of a Foreigner, an oil 
Merchant/Contractor, a Geologist by profession and a Miner at KRUGER GOLD 
COMPANY LTD who died since AUGUST 6, 1997 in [Korean Air Flight 801] with 
the whole passengers onboard. And for your perusal you can view this web 
site: http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9708/06/guam.passenger.list.  This credit was 
held with our banks here in South Africa and the Director of 
Account/Operations approached us since he cannot transfer this fund alone 
without going through us (i.e. The International Remittance Department).

With our position and experience, we have worked out the modalities in such 
a way that the transaction will take seven bank working days to accomplish. 
On the receipt of your approvals, I will be in a very good position to give 
you details on the agreed sharing ratio.

This may come as a surprise to you but as we progress, I will be able to 
explain to you how I got your contact. Meanwhile, we are 100% positive that 
you can handle this therefore, contact me on +27-837466810 or E-mail: 
gillmbabane@yahoo.com as soon as you receive this urgent message.

I am anticipating your urgent response while thanking you in advance for 
your understanding and co-operation.

Yours sincerely,

Mr. Gill Mbabane

_________________________________________________________________
Discover the magic of RSS feeds at MSN South Africa! http://za.msn.com/



