DAN MOORE
DAN MOORE & Associates
Dale House
London SE16 2PT
United Kingdom


I am Barrister DAN MOORE. an attorney to John Pedro, a deceased immigrant. 
Property magnate,an American who was based in the London, Also referred to 
as my client.On the 6th of July 2005, my client, his wife and their only 
Child died in the train bomb blast along Edgware road Uk.

Since then I have been managing his properties here in the U.K. and some of 
his properties, which he put out for sale. which I monitored the payment as 
his attorney, has been bought and paid for. Now the money paid was deposited 
into his Local account here. I have contacted you to assist in repatriating 
the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated 
or declared unserviceable by his bank particularly, the bank has issued me a 
notice to provide any of his next of kin or have the account confiscated 
within a short time.My late client has an account valued at 18 Million 
Pounds.

Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for some time now 
and days, and with the bank giving me deadline, I now seek your consent to 
present you as the next of kin of the deceased, so that the proceeds of this 
account valued at 18 Million Pounds can be paid to you And then you and I 
can share the money. 50% to me and 40% for you and 10% for scellaneous 
expenses that might arise. I have all necessary information/ document that 
can be used to back up any Claim we may make.

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us seeing this deal 
through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate 
arrangement that will Protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me, as 
his attorney, this is a Risk free business relationship.

Please get in touch with me by my email   And send me your full names and 
address, telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further.

Best Regards,
DAN MOORE.




