Dear My beloved One, 
  
  How are you today?I have just read your company
profile and decided to contact you for business
pertnership.I am one of the personal aides to
president Charles Taylor of Liberia who is presntly
living in Nigeria on political assyllum. 
  
  Pls i need your foreign partnership to assist me
invest in your country. i have interest in buying of
shares, real estate management and any other
profitable business you may wish to recommend for me.
I have with me $15.5M for this project. i realized the
fund from sales we made in cash from liberia diamond
and timber trades during the administration of
president charles taylor. 
  
  This money is presently with.INTERNATIONAL BANK
(LIBERIA)LIMITED 
  Address: 64 Broad Street, Monrovia, Liberia.
  
  What i have here with meis the Certificate of
Deposite,that i obtained from the Bank when the money
was been deposited which i will send to you as soon as
we proceed. I can assure you that this project will
bring us together for a long lasting relationship. I
need your private phone number so that i can speak
with you.i expect your reply accordingly. 
  
  My problem now is the world court has given
president Charles Taylor mandate to appear in world
court,which the Nigeria goverment has alreadyhanded
him over to the world court for judgement for his past
rule to Liberianpeople. 
  
  As soon as this money is been transfered to your
country, i will come over immediately. 
  
  Best regards, 
  
  David jones. (please reply with this email id:
(davijones477@yahoo.com)



 
____________________________________________________________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.
http://new.mail.yahoo.com


