Greetings!

Dear Sir,

Greetings and compliement of the season!

In due consideration and trust,I come to you for a profitable business
transaction that might interest you.My Name is Zedex Calvaho from the
famous Calvaho Family.Calvaho Family is a Polygamous Family and the 6th
Richest Family in Sao Tome and Principe.My Father (Late Dr.Tinjankaba
Calvaho) died on the 22nd of March,2003 living Millions of Dollars and
Pounds in a Foreign Banks including Large number of Estates and Companies
which has already been claimed by the Children's of my Father's First Wif=
e
currently parading themselves as the sole Inheritors to our Father's
Estates and Funds.This has caused series of problems between our family
and the family's of my late father's First Wife and till date,the problem
has not been able to be resolved even in Court.

However,I have been able to trace our Father's unclaimed Money to the tun=
e
of =A335.7million lying at UBS Investment Bank in London.I have conculded
every arrangement to claim the funds before the Children's of my Father's
First Wife will bounce of the funds for inheritance.In addition,Since the
death of our Father,our own side of Calvaho Family has been in a serious
severe financial distress because the First family has confiscated all
that our father has laboured for the interest of the entire
families.Therefore,It is my wish to present you before the Bank for
claiming of this funds on our behalf as our own part of benefits from our
Late father's funds so that the funds will be released to your nominated
bank account without any further delay.We will offer you 40% of the funds
for your kindest assistance should incase if this offer pleases you.This
funds is the only hope of our livelihood otherwise we will turn to a
begger oneday.Finally,I will appreciate if you will send me your direct
telephone numbers for discussion of this deal in further details.

Yours Sincerely,
Zedex Calvaho



