Dear Sir/Madam

  I made up my mind with trust to contact you for an
urgent and very confidential business, knowing fully
well that this letter may come to you as a surprise.
I'm Mr Rolland Morrow,director Controller
International Unit(Operations)Global Trust Bank
London. I'm a native of Switzerland, but based here in
London. In the course of our Last Annual Account's
check, I discovered that a customer Mr. Michael
Hammond made a
Fixed Deposit valued at 4,800,000.00(Four Million
Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds).In my further
investigation,I discovered that he died on 6th
September 2003 without making a WILL, did not also
declare any Next of Kin or relations in all his
official documents, including his Bank Deposit
documents in this Bank. This sum of 4,800,000.00 is
still in this Bank,no one has ever come forward to
claim it. 

My proposal is that I will like you to stand in as the
Next of Kin to Late Mr. Michael Hammond so that we can
claim this funds. This is very simple as long I?m here
to direct and provide you with every information
required for this transaction.This Funds will be paid
to you, for us to shared, the expences that will occur
in this transaction will be taking of, if it will cost
me much to settle my asisstant and others i dont mind
just to make sure this money didn't enter banks
account.  No risk involved in  this transaction as my
position guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction. Feel free to reply me back with my
private email adress ,if you are interested. toclaim
this funds as Next Of Kin to Late Mr MichaelHammond,
it is upon your response that I shall then provide you
with more details and relevant information that will
help us to go about this transaction. All Iwant from
you is honesty and trust worthiness. Please observe
utmost confidentiality, and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for all of us.

CONTACT ME WITH THIS PRIVATELY 
                 james_rolland001@yahoo.com

Regards. Mr.Rolland Morrow

97 Cromwell Road London,SW4DN U.K


		
__________________________________ 
Yahoo! Mail 
Stay connected, organized, and protected. Take the tour: 
http://tour.mail.yahoo.com/mailtour.html 



