
Attn
>From The Auditor/Head of Department
Bank of Scotland,
United Kingdom.                   {Very Urgent Business
Transaction}

Dear Partner,

In order to transfer out (fifteen-million pounds
sterling)from our bank here i have the courageto look for a
reliable and honest 
person who will be capable for this important
transaction,believing 
that you will neverlet me down either now or in future.I am
Mr Jim
Harry the auditor and head of computing department of a bank
here in 
London, united Kingdom. There is an account opened in this
bank in 1995 and since my inception into office in 2001,
nobody has operated on this account again, after going
through some old files,I discovered that if i do not remit
this money out urgently, it will be forfeited for nothing.

How the money came about:The owner of this account was Mr.
John Hughes who was a foreigner and the manager of Petro
chemical service here in London, a chemical engineer by
profession and he died since 1995.And then, since
2001,nobody knows about this account or anything concerning
it, the account has no other beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me as well that his company does not
know anything about this account and the amount involved is
(15,000,000.00)pounds sterling.

I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this 
money can not be approved to any local bank here in London,
but can 
only be approved to any foreign account because the money is
pounds 
sterling?and the former owner of the account is John Hughes
and he was a foreigner too.
Finally,at the conclusion of this business,you will be given
35% of the total ammount,60% will be for me ,while 5% will
be for expenses both parties might have incured during the
process of this 
transaction.Please you should include your phone and fax
number for 
easily communications.

Yours Sincerely,

Auditor Jim Harry



----------------------------------------
Upgrade your account today for increased storage; mail
forwarding or POP enabled e-mail with automatic virus
scanning. Visit our member benefits page at
https://members.canada.com/benefits.aspx for more
information.


