Greeting!

Complement of the season!!

My Name is Derek Alexandra, the Regional Manager of
UBS Investment Bank in London and would like to strike
a business deal with you prior to your approval and
consideration. There was a Non Resident Account opened
in my Branch and for the past 6 years, this account
was dormant without operation and at the same time
nobody has come to claim the account with its closing
balance of 35.7million.This has made be to trace the
source and origin of the funds and the beneficiary
starting since the year 2005 and today I have gathered
every report confirming that the Beneficiary was a Top
Government Official in his country and now have passed
away six years ago leaving no legal inheritance
instructions on the account. The families have no idea
that such funds exist because the account was opened
with a different name in order to maintain the privacy
of the account in question.

On this note, this account will be converted into the
bank treasury by the end of first quarter of the year
if no one has come for the claiming of the
funds.Therefore,I come to you to know if you will
endorse this offer so that I will present you as the
Next of Kin to claim the funds while official
documents will be prepared to support our claims. This
is a straight forward deal without any risk attached.
Our sharing ratio will be 50:50 should incase if you
are interested. Please forward me your direct
telephone numbers for discussion of this offer in
further details or call me on +44 703 1956 130.

Yours Sincerely,
Derek Alexandra
+44 703 1956 130
Email:dealexandra@laposte.net



