


Dear sir/Madam,

I have the honour and confidence to introduce this business to you in view
of the fact that you are trustworthy and reliable as my inquires reveals.

I am Mr. Andrew Clark I work in the Foreign Payment Department of the
National WestMinster Bank here in London Uk. There is an account opened in
this bank in 1994 but since 1998 nobody has operated on this account
again. After a private and intensive investigation, I discovered that the
owner of this account (Mr. Chapman Mark J.) was an oil merchant - a
foreigner, who died since 1998 without having a beneficiary to this
account.

http://cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/9809/swissair.victims.list/
http://cnnstudentnews.cnn.com/WORLD/americas/9809/08/swissair.02/

My investigation proved to me he never informed any of his family members
about this funds and he also did not have any next of kin to the said
funds. The amount in this account is  Fifty Five Million Five Hundred
Thousand British Pound sterling. Since no one has come forth to claim
these funds, the bank management is willing to welcome any foreigner who
has correct information to this Account which I will give upon receipt of
your positive response towards my proposal. I assure you a 100% that there
is no risk to this business. After its conclusion I will retrieve all
documents used in the transfer and destroy them in your presence, when I
come over to your account base for sharin of funds and possible
investment.

Sharing will be 30% for you, 0.5% for any expenses incurred during this
business 30% for charity organizations because this was one of the things
he made known to me personaly before he died in the plane crash while the
remaining 35% for me. As soon as I hear from you I will put up an annual
leave so I could be able to facilitate the transfer of this fund to any
Account of your choice.

Contact me urgently for the way forward.

Thanks.

Andrew Clark.


