  Dear Dddddddd R. Rrrrr,
 
My name is Collins Ibeh I am 32yrs old and a
student.Please I would like you to assist me as urgent
as you can before they kill me.My father is a wealthy
King in our province. Trouble began early last year
when my father's associates began suspecting that my
father is not giving proper accounts of all the money
being paid by Oil company(Shell)for compasension of
youth in our area RIVER STATE NIGERIA for development.
This mistrust deepens between oct-sept,2002 when there
was news that my father depoited big some of money in
a security company.
 
As a result of this discovery and the enviness of the
money,he was 
poisioned by his associates. At his hospital bed, he
revealed to me the reasons of his sickness.He directed
me where to get the documents of the said deposit,that
he made me the next of kin being the only child.He
advise me that if he dies, that I should not stay in
the country because his associates will equally kill
me hence my mother died five yrs ago of breast cancer.
He dircted me if he dies that I should look for a
foreign partner who will help me to transfer the money
into the person's account and the person will help me
to invest the money in that country.
  
Since the death of my father, I was out of school and
went into hiding because of my father's associates.
All the relevant documents of the $17.5m (seventeen
million five hundred thousand U.S dollars) that was 
deposited in a security company are with me now. I am
ready to give you 30% of this  money,if you can help
me bring out this money from the security company and
transfer it into your account for onward investment in
your country.
 
Please contact me immediately with the above E-mail
address and include your telehone and Fax number to
enable me send you necessary documents as regards the
money before they kill me.Please this transaction is
100% risk free. I'm waiting for your urgent 
reply.
 
Best regards,
Collins Ibeh.



__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?  Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 
http://mail.yahoo.com 


