

Attn :......... 


          RE: TRANSFER OF 156,000,000. 00 


I am quite Sure that this mail Will come to you as a surprise Since I have
not been having previous correspondences with you.

First, let me start by introducing myself as Mr. Andy Hornby, a staff in
the Private Clients Section of a well-known bank, here in London,
England.One of our accounts, with holding balance of 156,000,000 (One
Hundred and Fifty Six Million Pounds Sterling) has been dormant and last
operated three years ago. From my investigations and confirmation,the owner
of the said account, a foreigner by name John Shumejda died on the 4th of
January 2002 in a plane crash in Birmingham; you can view this CNN website
. 

http://edition.cnn.com/2002/WORLD/europe/01/04/england.plane/

The account has no beneficiary and no other person knows about this
account.

I am in close contact with the bank manager here who is my partner and is
willing to approve the transfer to any reliable and trustworthy foreigner
with foreign bank account because the former owner of the a/c is a
foreigner. The account has no writen or oral WILL attached to it. I will
provide the necessary information and documents needed in order to claim
this money if you agree to receive this fund in your account pending my
arrival in your country for sharing and on receipt of your Bank Account
Details where the fund will be transferred. 

We will start with FIFTY SIX MILLION POUNDS. At the end, 65% will be for
me, 25% for you and 5% will be set aside for expenses incurred on both
sides during the transfer.Another 5% will go to the charity. There is no
risk involved as every arrangement has been perfected. 


YOU CAN CONTACT ME.


Yours Faithfully,
Mr. Andy Hornby.




--------------------------------------
Easy + Joy + Powerful = Yahoo! Bookmarks x Toolbar
http://pr.mail.yahoo.co.jp/toolbar/



