


From:Mr.Kenneth Mashaba
Email:kmashaba4@myway.com
Tel:+27-73-516-4490

Attn:Sir/Madam,

I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business. I choose to
reach you through this medium because it still remains the fastest medium
of communication. However, this correspondence is unofficial and
private, and it should be treated as such.

 At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 100% risk and
trouble free to both parties. My name is Mr.Kenneth Mashaba , the chief
Financial officer of  one of the commercial bank in Johannesburg South
Africa.

There is an account that has not been operational for the past Fifteen
years as the owner died leaving nobody as the next of kin. My bank shall
confiscate the amount in the account US$12Million (Twelve Million United
States Dollars) by the end of next month if we are not  able to track
anyone that knows the beneficiary.

I want to present you as the next of kin to the former  holder of the
account to enable our bank legitimately transfer the sum to your overseas
account.

If you are interested please get back to me together with your personal
details through my private email above and I will furnish you with the
details that you need to know and the procedure about this
transaction.Please get back to me immediately on this so that we act fast
and get the money transferred into  your overseas account without any
delay.

Finaly, if you know that you are not willing and capable to handle this
transaction please do not reply, but if you know that you are willing and
capable to handle this transaction go ahead and send me your personal
information to enable us proceed.

I await your urgent Response.

Sincerely,

Mr.Kenneth Mashaba



