

FROM: ELOS UBA.
AMMAN JORDAN
E-mailaddress:elosuba@o2.pl

DEAR:Sir,


My Name is ELOS UBA,an Iraqis National from the Kurds an Accountant
in Oil refinery in Durra. I am presently in Amman, Jordan Capital since
U.S.strike Iraqi, few days to the expiration of the 48 hours Ultimatum
before the strike.

I moved $45.5M dollars call-deposit to Security Company in Iran for
safe-keeping.In my capacity as the accountant to the oil refinery in durr=
a,
I was the only person aware of this financial transaction call-deposit wi=
th
the security company in Iran to be released to whom I will introduce to t=
he
security company as the beneficiary of the call- deposit of $45.5M, whom
the oil installation company is been owed since I can not be able to go t=
o
Iran because of the war.

Now that the situation is not condusive for me to go to Iran, I am
appealing to you if i can present you as the beneficiary of the call-
deposit to the security company for the release of the deposit to your
Account or any of your destination as part of the money being owed to you
by Durra oil Refinery Company Iraq.

As soon as this deposit is released to your Account by the security
company in Iran or any of your destination,I will come over to meet you f=
or
disbursement 30%-70%. On your acceptance on this transaction I will send =
to
you the deposit slip Certificate for the call deposit to you as the
beneficiary to be release to you as part of the refunds owed to you by
Durra Oil Refinery company Iraq.Please replyme me through my alternative
E-mailaddress:elosuba@o2.pl

Awaiting your quick response,
Best Regards,
ELOS UBA,


----------------------------------------------------------------
Ce service de mailing vous est offert par http://www.freesurf.fr.
FreeSurf, votre acces ADSL a partir de 29 euros/mois
http://www.freesurf.fr/adsl/



