MR. MARKUS BOPP
Valiant Privatbank AG
Postfach, 3001 Bern
Switzerland 
                                                
IMPERATIVE AND PRIVATE. 

I am contacting you on business transfer of a huge sum of money from a 
deceased account. Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude 
will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that 
all will be well at the end of the day. We decided to contact you due 
to the urgency of this transaction.  

PROPOSITION; 

We discovered an abandoned sum of US$20,500,000.00 (Twenty Million Five 
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) in an account that belongs to 
one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family. 
Since his death, none of his next-of-kin or relations has come forward 
to lay claims for this money as the heir. We cannot release the fund 
from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next-of-kin to 
the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines. Upon this 
discovery, we now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of 
kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully worked out 
by us for the funds (US$20,500,000.00) to be released in your favour as 
the beneficiary's next of kin. It may interest you to know that we have 
secured from the probate an order of madamus to locate any of deceased 
beneficiaries.  

Please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual 
business endeavour by furnishing me with the following; 

1. Your name and address 
2. Direct Telephone and fax numbers 

These requirements will enable us file letter of claim to the 
appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before 
the transfer can be made. We shall be compensating you with 30% on 
final conclusion of this project, while the rest shall be for us. 

If this proposal is acceptable by you, please response immediately. I 
await your urgent response. 

Regards, 

Mr. Markus Bopp






