     
   Dear One, 

am sadra kietta the daughter of late Mr Kietta Paul from
republic of sierra leone, however, before the death of my
father he instructed me to go to his underground safe and
pick up some documents and move to Abidjan cote d'Ivoire
where he deposited the cash sum of $23 million dollars with
a bank to be transfered into an overseas bank account of
his foriegn business partner, and he has instructed me to
look for a foreigner who will stand in the bank as his
business partner to enable the bank transfer the money out
to a foreign bank account as it was deposited between the
bank and my late father. I want you to help me with honest
mind as beneficiary of this money.I have plans to do investment in your
country, and you will help me in the
area of investment in your country.please I am writing with
heart felt condition because of how I lost my entire
family.Right now i am here in Abidjan alone for this very
money that my late father left in the bank,i will want you
to help me and get this money transfered into your bank
account as my late father's foriegn business partner, and
as soon as the money is in been transfer into your account,
i will be coming to meet you for the proper investment of
the money,then i will continue my education in your country. 

God bless you
Yours Sincerelly  
sadra kietta



