
FROM:MRS.GLORIA DUBE.

  Good  Day

                       I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE
  This may appear a bit surprising to you but very beneficial as a matter=
 of
urgentcy,I am desparately looking for a foriegn partner whom i can trust
to handle
some investment or fund movement.I am Mrs.GLORIA DUBE,wife of late Mr.PET=
ER
DUBE,who was murdered by the Zimbabwean veterans and irrate blackpeople.I=
 am
writing from South Africa.I got your address from the internet through th=
e
consultancy directory during my search for a reliable and honest person t=
o
transact this business
with.
  I write to solicit for your special assistance to a family shattered by=
 a
tyrannical government led by a dictator and his(ZANU-PF)ruling
party-president
Robert Mugabe.Because of land and farm land crisis in Zimbabwe,the govern=
ment
secretly sponsored the war veterans and some irrate party members to
disposess the
land being occupied by white farmers.This action has led to the killing o=
f
some
members of opposition party including my husband(Mr.PETER DUBE).
  But before the death of my husband,he anticipated some dangers and so h=
e
deposited
the sum of US$15.4m(Fifteen million four hundered Thousand United States
Dollars)in the name of our only son JAMES DUBE,with the help of reputable
security
company in south Africa with the intention of using it to open fertilizer
manufacturing company among other companies in our neighbouring
country(Swaziland)after his university education.
  On the 29th of June 2000,the war veterans and some supporters
of(ZANU-PF)ruling
party trooped into our compound and axed him(my husband)to death.Since
then,they
have been terrorizing my only son,JAMES DUBE,but we managed to escape to =
a
neighbouring country,South Africa as a political asylum
seeker(refugee).But our
position in South Africa does not permit us to open an account or run any
huge
financial business.
  That is why I want this fund to be transferred into your private accoun=
t
so that
you will assist him to invest it in your country.Hence,if you agree to as=
sist
us,we will offer you 20% of the money for your assistance,80% will be for=
 our
family investment in your country through your assistance.I need your
urgent and
confidential response.Please you can contact my son JAMES DUBE Email him
atjamesdube000@webmail.co.za
  Best regards,
  Mrs.GLORIA DUBE.
(For The Family).
  Upon your immediate response,I will immediately arrange and send to you
all the
informations that will empower your good self in finalizing the
transaction with
the security company here in south Africa I will also send to you the
agreement
that will protect both interest.And also further information about
yourself is
necessary for I can not play on this.
  Waiting for your prompt and positive response.Please read about problem=
s in
Zimbabwe from the link below.
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/918781.stm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/715001.stm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1063785.stm
  PLEASE CONTACT MY SON JAMES DUBE HE IS THE ONE IN CHARGE OF THE MONEY





