


For your kind attention


Good-day,


you may be surprised to receive this letter from me, but it is a matter
that I am convinced we can solve both, if we work together in harmony.
However, I seek for your absolute confidence as I introduce myself to you=
..
My name is AHMED HASSAN, Assistant Auditor OFFSHORE FINANCE HOME, DUBAI
U.A.E.


In the discharge of my duty as the Assistant Auditor, I stumbled on this
domiciliary account that has remained dormant for three years now with Te=
n
million six hundred US dollars (US$10.6m) in it. I contacted my directors
and we sent out staff for enquiries about this fund and discovered that
the account holder died in an accident. I am writing you so that we can
work together to remit the money to you as the next of kin because this
money belongs to a foreigner and has to be claimed by a foreigner.


I guarantee this transaction under legitimate arrangements that will not
bridge the law by both parties. I have options to offer you, first you ca=
n
choose to have certain percentage of the money for your assistance, or yo=
u
can go into partnership for a proper profitable investment of the money.
Which ever option you choose, feel free to notify me. If for some reasons
you do not prefer a partnership, I am willing to give you 25% of the
money.


Note, on the event that you cannot assist me to do the business, I beg yo=
u
to still keep my contact and existence of this fund a secret. I also
require you make available to me your confidential telephone and fax
numbers to enable me communicate with you easily. It is simple process
which will take a short while to process.


To indicate your interest to work with us, I will give you more detailed
information regarding on what to do and how to do it for us to achieve
good success about the transaction as soon as I hear from you. Please
reply to my private email address: akabir1696@hotmail.com



Best Regards,


Dr. Ahmed Hassan






