>From The Desk Of,
Mr James Owusu.

Dear Friend,

My name is Mr James Owusu . I am the Regional Manager of Ghana west Africa 
Bank  Ghana, accra branch Ghana. I write you this proposal in good faith; I 
am married with two lovely children. I am a man of peace, and have sincere 
respect for human feelings and opinions. I have packaged a financial 
transaction that will benefit you and I. As the Regional Manager of Ghana 
west Africa Bank , accra branch Ghana it is my duty to send in a financial 
report to my head office in the capital city, Accra at the end of each 
business year.

On the course of last year, 2005 business report, I discovered that the 
branch in which I am the Manager made 9.3million United States Dollars 
($9,300,000.00) which my head office is not aware of and will never be aware 
of. I have placed this funds on what we call Escrow call account with no 
beneficiary. As an officer of this bank I cannot be directly connected to 
this money, so my aim of contacting you is to assist me receive this money 
in your bank account and get 30% of the total funds as commission.

There are practically no risks involved, the transaction will be executed 
under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law, it will be 
simply a bank-to-bank transfer, and all I need from you is to stand claim as 
the original depositor of these funds who made the deposit with my branch so 
that my head office can order the transfer to your designated bank account 
under few working days. If you accept to work with me I will appreciate it 
very much as you are the first and the only person I am contacting for this 
transaction.

send me an email as soon as you receive this message if you think so that we 
can go over the details.

Thank you in advance and may God bless you and your family.

Sincerely,
Mr James Owusu.

_________________________________________________________________
Don't just search. Find. Check out the new MSN Search! 
http://search.msn.click-url.com/go/onm00200636ave/direct/01/



